Novak a strange match in many ways
obviously utterly dominated that that
opening set but Fabio produced a real
impressive comeback there to me well
it's an opening match for me as the
first time I actually hit this year on
the centre court which coming off the
device is totally different from what I
played there you know speed wise and
conditions wise so but you know no
excuses definitely I should not have
allowed him to come back to the match I
play the very poor game on for two and
now after that you know I'd match points
and made some unforced errors and
allowing two to come back and yeah I
could have gone either way really an
opening few games a third set and then I
regained the control so I mean I feel
very good about my game in this moment
you know I just need to try to keep the
focus all the way through how difficult
is it to regain your rhythm and
composure when you sort of experience
such a such a swinging momentum as you
say particularly after sort of even
having a match point out you know have
you proponent this difference so you
have to adjust to the tactics and
today's opponent I I know him quite well
we grew up together and played in junior
circuit and he's very unpredictable with
his behavior with his with his game I
think this conditions quite suitable to
his style of the games a bit slower the
ball wells is higher and he loves his
clay-court specialist so he came back to
the match and he made me work you know
he made me earn my victory today and was
a good one memory is such a so much of
this incredible run Iran seems to be
about about confidence I mean does that
confidence sort of take a hit when you
get in a situation like that absolutely
I mean confidence is one of the most
important factors especially and in the
individual sports you know you're alone
by yourself on the court you you take
all the credit for losing and winning
also so you have to be you know hundred
percent committed to to every point in
order to be on top of your game in order
to you know be contender for major
titles and then confidence is something
that it's easier to lose them to get so
I understand that having a great start
of the season helps me to to play my
best